[Doc] Update Data Preparation and Visualization doc (#2054)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: docs/en/user_guides/visualization.md

## Data and Results visualization

### Visualizer Data Samples during Model Testing or Validation

> MMSegmentation provides `SegVisualizationHook` that can visualize segmentation masks of ground truth and prediction in validation and testing process. It is defined in [here](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/1.x/mmseg/engine/hooks/visualization_hook.py#L16-L100) and users can modify `default_hooks` at each `schedule_x.py` config file.

Reviewer: I suggest user guides do not cover the implementation of functions  or classes.

```suggestion
MMSegmentation provides `SegVisualizationHook` which is a [hook](URL for hook doc in engine) working to visualize ground truth and prediction of segmentation during model testing and evaluation. Its configuration is in `defualt_hooks`, please see [Runner's tutorial](URL for runner docs in engine) for more details.
```

tensorboard --logdir work_dirs/test_visual/20220810_115248/vis_data
```

> We could use `SegLocalVisualizer` to visualize results with their corresponding predictions or ground truth. For example, please follow commands below in your MMSegmentation main directory:

Reviewer: Add a subtitle
```
### Visualize a Single Data Sample
```

> We could use `SegLocalVisualizer` to visualize results with their corresponding predictions or ground truth. For example, please follow commands below in your MMSegmentation main directory:

Reviewer: add a subtitle before line 49
```
### Visualizer Data Samples during Model Testing or Validataion
```

> We could use `SegLocalVisualizer` to visualize results with their corresponding predictions or ground truth. For example, please follow commands below in your MMSegmentation main directory:

Reviewer: I think this line is not proper as below is no any result only ground truth, so I suggest to change as
```
If you want to visualize a single data sample, a pair of input image and its ground truth in the dataset, you can use the scrips below to see them.
```

```python
import mmcv
import os.path as osp
import torch
from mmengine.structures import PixelData

> from mmseg.structures import SegDataSample

Reviewer: Please give some explanation or a link to introduce `SegDataSample` or `PixelData`

from mmseg.visualization import SegLocalVisualizer

out_file = 'out_file_cityscapes'
save_dir = './work_dirs'

image = mmcv.imread(
    osp.join(
        osp.dirname(__file__),

>         './tests/data/pseudo_cityscapes_dataset/leftImg8bit/val/frankfurt/frankfurt_000000_000294_leftImg8bit.png'  # noqa

Reviewer: Pseudo data is not recommended and proper in examples.

I suggest tell user use local dataset path.
just like https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/docs/zh_cn/tutorials/config.md

    ),
    'color')
sem_seg = mmcv.imread(
    osp.join(
        osp.dirname(__file__),

>         './tests/data/pseudo_cityscapes_dataset/gtFine/val/frankfurt/frankfurt_000000_000294_gtFine_labelTrainIds.png'  # noqa

Reviewer: same problem as above

    ),
    'unchanged')

> sem_seg = torch.unsqueeze(torch.from_numpy(sem_seg), 0)

Reviewer: It might not necessary to extend the dimension, as it allows input 2d data.
or if want to keep this line, I suggest add some comments, as it might make users confused about the dimension extension

https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/6b1b8a375163ea1b8712cf886204a1d08d17cee1/mmengine/structures/pixel_data.py#L79-L81

gt_sem_seg_data = dict(data=sem_seg)
gt_sem_seg = PixelData(**gt_sem_seg_data)

data_sample = SegDataSample()
data_sample.gt_sem_seg = gt_sem_seg

seg_local_visualizer = SegLocalVisualizer(
    vis_backends=[dict(type='LocalVisBackend')],
    save_dir=save_dir)
seg_local_visualizer.dataset_meta = dict(
    classes=('road', 'sidewalk', 'building', 'wall', 'fence',
             'pole', 'traffic light', 'traffic sign',
             'vegetation', 'terrain', 'sky', 'person', 'rider',
             'car', 'truck', 'bus', 'train', 'motorcycle',
             'bicycle'),
    palette=[[128, 64, 128], [244, 35, 232], [70, 70, 70],
             [102, 102, 156], [190, 153, 153], [153, 153, 153],
             [250, 170, 30], [220, 220, 0], [107, 142, 35],
             [152, 251, 152], [70, 130, 180], [220, 20, 60],
             [255, 0, 0], [0, 0, 142], [0, 0, 70],
             [0, 60, 100], [0, 80, 100], [0, 0, 230],

>              [119, 11, 32]])

Reviewer: add some comments about dataset meta information where users can find them.

seg_local_visualizer.add_datasample(out_file, image,

>                                     data_sample)

Reviewer: please introduce `show` option.

```

> Then the visualization result of image with its corresponding ground truth could be found in `./work_dirs/vis_data/vis_image/` whose name is `out_file_cityscapes_0.png`.

Reviewer: please add an image.

tensorboard --logdir work_dirs/test_visual/20220810_115248/vis_data
```

### Visualizer Data Samples during Model Testing or Validataion

Noted that `SegVisualizationHook` is used to visualize validation and testing process prediction results, defined [here](../../../mmseg/engine/hooks/visualization_hook.py).

If you want to visualize a single data sample, a pair of input image and its ground truth in the dataset are necessary.
You could prepare them on your own or download examples below by following commands:

<div align=center>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24582831/189833109-eddad58f-f777-4fc0-b98a-6bd429143b06.png" width="70%"/>
</div>

```shell
wget https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24582831/189833109-eddad58f-f777-4fc0-b98a-6bd429143b06.png --output-document aachen_000000_000019_leftImg8bit.png
wget https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24582831/189833143-15f60f8a-4d1e-4cbb-a6e7-5e2233869fac.png --output-document aachen_000000_000019_gtFine_labelTrainIds.png
```

Then you can find their local path and use the scrips below to visualize:

```python
import mmcv
import os.path as osp
import torch

> # `PixelData` is data structure for pixel-level annotations or predictions defined in MMEngine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `PixelData` is data structure for pixel-level annotations or predictions defined in MMEngine.
# Please refer to this tutorial  file URL of data structures in MMEngine 
```

from mmengine.structures import PixelData

> # `SegDataSample` is data structure interface between different components
> # defined in MMSegmentation, it includes ground truth, prediction and
> # predicted logits of semantic segmentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `SegDataSample` is data structure defined in MMSegmentation, 
# it includes ground truth, prediction and
# predicted logits of semantic segmentation.
# Please refer to this tutorial fileurl of `SegDataSample` for more details
```

from mmseg.structures import SegDataSample
from mmseg.visualization import SegLocalVisualizer

out_file = 'out_file_cityscapes'
save_dir = './work_dirs'

image = mmcv.imread(
    osp.join(
        osp.dirname(__file__),
        './aachen_000000_000019_leftImg8bit.png'
    ),
    'color')
sem_seg = mmcv.imread(
    osp.join(
        osp.dirname(__file__),
        './aachen_000000_000019_gtFine_labelTrainIds.png'  # noqa
    ),
    'unchanged')
sem_seg = torch.from_numpy(sem_seg)
gt_sem_seg_data = dict(data=sem_seg)
gt_sem_seg = PixelData(**gt_sem_seg_data)
data_sample = SegDataSample()
data_sample.gt_sem_seg = gt_sem_seg

seg_local_visualizer = SegLocalVisualizer(
    vis_backends=[dict(type='LocalVisBackend')],
    save_dir=save_dir)

# The meta information of dataset usually includes `classes` for class names and
# `palette` for visualization color of each foreground.

> # It is usually defined in corresponding class of dataset such as './mmseg/datasets/cityscapes.py'

Reviewer: I suggest use this file https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/1.x/mmseg/utils/class_names.py

All class names and palettes are defined in the file ...

tensorboard --logdir work_dirs/test_visual/20220810_115248/vis_data
```

### Visualize a Single Data Sample

> If you want to visualize a single data sample, a pair of input image and its ground truth in the dataset are necessary.

Reviewer: ' are necessary' is grammatical error

> If you want to visualize a single data sample, a pair of input image and its ground truth in the dataset are necessary.

Reviewer: 'If' is just a phrase, not a full sentence
```suggestion
If you want to visualize a single data sample, a pair of input image and its ground truth in the dataset, we suggest to use `SegLocalVisualizer`. Here is an example about `SegLocalVisualizer`, please download the example data first.
```

You could prepare them on your own or download examples below by following commands:

<div align=center>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24582831/189833109-eddad58f-f777-4fc0-b98a-6bd429143b06.png" width="70%"/>
</div>

```shell
wget https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24582831/189833109-eddad58f-f777-4fc0-b98a-6bd429143b06.png --output-document aachen_000000_000019_leftImg8bit.png
wget https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24582831/189833143-15f60f8a-4d1e-4cbb-a6e7-5e2233869fac.png --output-document aachen_000000_000019_gtFine_labelTrainIds.png
```

> Then you can find their local path and use the scrips below to visualize:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SegLocalVisualizer` is a derivative from `Visualizer` in MMEngine and works for balabala. ...., for more details about `Visualizer` please refer to this tutorial.
```

Author: I removed this comments in line 83 where `SegLocalVisualizer` is introduced.
